[Blog] 2024 week 2 (#809)
packit/packit.dev: weekly/2024/week-2.md

---
title: Week 2 in Packit
date: 2024-01-15
authors: lbarczio
tags:
  - 2024-January
  - 2024
  - January
---

## Week 2 (January 9th – January 15th)

> - We have fixed the behaviour of identifying the latest tag. This has previously caused issues
>   when building SRPMs for projects with different version tags in different branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have fixed the behaviour of identifying the most recent git tag. This has previously caused issues
  when building SRPMs for projects with different version tags in different branches.
```
